Crispy Baked Fish in Tomato Sauce
Ingredients
››1½ lb or 675g cod or haddock
(filleted and skinned)
Tomato Sauce
››1 small onion
››1 clove garlic
››1–2 celery sticks
››1 tin tomatoes
››pinch of salt if desired
››pepper
››1 level teaspoon sugar
››1 teaspoon of vegetable oil
Topping
››1 teaspoon of vegetable oil
››2oz or 50g white or brown
breadcrumbs (2 slices)
››1oz or 25g low-fat grated cheese

Steps:
1. Pre-heat the oven to 200°C or 400°F or Gas Mark 6.
2. Wash and dry the fish, then cut into neat pieces.
Place in a lightly greased shallow ovenproof dish.
3. Tomato sauce
Heat oil in a small saucepan. Stir in the finely chopped onions, garlic and
celery. Cook for 2–3 minutes until the vegetables soften but have not become
coloured. Add the tomatoes, sugar, salt and pepper and bring to the boil,
stirring all the time. Cover and simmer for 10–15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
4. Meanwhile prepare the topping. Heat oil in a small saucepan. Remove from
the heat. Using a fork, stir in the breadcrumbs, then mix in the grated cheese.
5. Pour the tomato sauce over the fish. Sprinkle the topping evenly all over.
6. Cook for 30 minutes until the topping is crisp and brown.


Family Fish Pie
Ingredients
››1½ lb or 675g filleted fish
››1 onion finely chopped
››pinch of salt if desired
››pepper
››few drops of lemon juice
››¼ pt or 150ml water
››½ pt or 275ml
semi-skimmed milk
››1oz or 25g low-fat spread
››1 dessertspoon of flour
››8 potatoes, cooked and mashed
››4 heaped dessertspoons
frozen peas
››2 carrots, chopped

Steps:
1. Skin the fish and cut into 4 pieces. Wash in cold water.
2. Place in a saucepan with onion and lemon juice. Add the
water and milk. Cover and cook gently for 10 minutes.
3. Drain the fish, saving the stock.
4. Melt the low-fat spread in a saucepan. Add the flour
and cook for 2 minutes until it forms a soft ball. Remove
from heat and add the fish stock gradually. Bring to the
boil, reduce heat and cook for another 2 minutes.
5. Grease a pie dish and add a little sauce. Place fish in dish and
cover with the seasoning, remaining sauce, peas and carrots.
6. Using a piping bag with a rose nozzle, pipe the mashed potatoes
around edge of dish or spoon the potatoes around the edge.
7. Brown under the grill or in the oven.